This is a script for Adobe Photoshop meant for generating spritesheets. 
It has only been tested on Photoshop CS3.

It generates horizontally arranged spritesheets from the folders of the
input document; each spritesheet is composed of the visible layers
in the source folder.

Installing: 
Place the script in in Presets/Scripts in the directory that Photoshop 
is installed in.

The first thing the script does is present a dialog of options for the
spritesheet generation.

Format Options - 
The generated files can be saved as PNGs, JPEGs, GIFs, or
PSDs. The dialog has specific options for some of the formats.

Generation Options - 
See below for explanation of xml file option.

Sprite placing can either be done according to the size of each sprite, or 
according to a constant size.
Placing according to the size of each sprite (the first option) means that the
sprites will be aligned to the top left of the space available to them; the 
space filled by each sprite will vary.
Placing according to a constant size arranges the sprites so that each one is 
centered in equally sized boxes; these boxes are the smallest boxes capable of
fitting every sprite in the sheet.

Location -
This is the directory that the generated files will be stored in. 
The script generates one file for each folder, naming the files as 
<name of source document>-<name of folder>.<format>

XML File:
One of functions of the script is to generate an XML file describing the positions of the sprites.

The top level node of this file is <positions>, with a property 
name - the base name of the source document. 

The positions node contains <sheet> nodes, which have the properties
name - the name of the folder that the sheet was generated from
src - the filename of the sheet
w - the width of the spritesheet, in pixels
h - the height of the sheet

A sheet node contains <sprite> nodes, one for each layer in the source folder.
A sprite node has the properties
name - the name of the layer that contains the sprite in the source document
x, y - the coordinates of the upper left corner of the sprite. y should be 0.
w, h - the width and height of the sprite.

The XML file is primarily useful when generating spritesheets by placing with
variable sizes; constant sized sprites can be found by dividing the width of the
sheet by the number of sprites, then looping through by that sized step along 
the width of the sheet.


Written by Aidan Coyne, working at Roundarch in summer of 2010.
Idea came from Jesse Freeman.

http://github.com/raptros/PSSpriteSheet
